# project

mRNA-QRT.xlsx: Total RNA extraction: Depending on the size of the paraffin-embedded tissues, 3-6 white slices of 5-10 µm thickness were cut and dewaxed, tumor cells were enriched (control tissues did not need this step) and digested, and total RNA from paraffin-embedded tissues was extracted using the OMEGA RNA Isolation Kit (Cat. No. R6954-02, OMEGA, USA). The concentration and purity of the extracted RNA were determined using a BioDrop ultramicro nucleic acid protein analyzer, requiring an RNA A260/A280 between 1.8 and 2.0, and stored at -20°C. Then, the High Capacity cDNA Reverse Transcription Kit (Lot No. 00307397, Part No. 4368813, Applied Biosystems by Thermo Fisher Scientific, USA) was used for reverse transcription. qRT-PCR was performed on an Applied Biosystem 7500 PCR instrument with Power SYBR Green PCR Master Mix (Lot No. 1711564, Part No. 4367659 , Applied Biosystems by Thermo Fisher Scientific, USA) based on the manufacturer’s scheme. All samples were processed under the same experimental conditions. Primers were synthesized by Shanghai Shiny Crystal Molecular Biotechnology Co. The primer sequence are listed as follows: β-actin-F: AGCCATGTACGTTGCTATCCA; β-actin-R: GTCACCGGAGTCCATCACGAT; OSBPL3-F: GCCTGTCCTTGATAGTGGTCG; OSBPL3-R: CGTGTTCAGGGGCTCGTTC. The cycling conditions were as follows: preincubation at 95°C for 5 min, denaturation at 95°C, annealing at 62°C, extension at 72°C for 10 s each, 40 cycles; cooling at 40°C for 30 s. Each reaction well was repeated 3 times.  β-Actin was used as an internal reference to calculate the relative 2-∆∆CT values.
